PLATUI-1207: Updated README (#86)
hmrc/play-frontend-hmrc: README.md

    ``` 

1. Do ONE of the following:
    * Create a custom layout template for your pages using `hmrcLayout` as per the section
      [HMRC layout EXPERIMENTAL](#hmrc-layout-experimental), OR

>     * Create a custom layout template for our pages using `govukLayout` as per the section

Reviewer: small bit
```suggestion
    * Create a custom layout template for your pages using `govukLayout` as per the section
```

      displayHmrcBanner: Boolean = false,           // Setting to true will display the HMRC banner
      phaseBanner: Option[PhaseBanner] = None,      // Passing value will display alpha or beta banner
      additionalHeadBlock: Option[Html] = None,     // Passing value will add additional content in head

>       additionalScriptsBlock: Option[Html] = None,  // Passing value will additional content to scripts between the footer and end of body

Reviewer: how about
```suggestion
      additionalScriptsBlock: Option[Html] = None,  // Passing value will add additional scripts between the footer and end of body
```
